Bugfix: add time server token to the ECU version report (#28)
uptane/uptane-standard: uptane-standard.md

## Exceptions

There are a number of factors that could impede the completion of the above scenarios:

* ECUs may be lacking the necessary resources to function as designated. These resources could include weaknesses, in terms of CPU or RAM, that prevent performance of public key cryptography; a lack of sufficient storage to undo installation of bad software; or an ECU simply may reside on a low-speed network (e.g., LIN).
* ECUs may reside on different network segments, and may not be able to directly reach each other, requiring a gateway to facilitate communication.
* A user may replace OEM-installed ECUs with aftermarket ECUs.
* A vehicle may be able to download only a limited amount of data via a cellular channel, due to limits on a data plan.
* A system may lack sufficient power to download or install software updates.

> * Vehicles may be offline for extended periods of time, thus missing required updates (e.g., key rotations).

Reviewer: What are the exact changes here? It's hard to see what changed, if at all...

Author: Looks like someone stuck some DOS/Windows line endings (CRLF instead of LF) in there, and my text editor automatically fixed them. No content changes.

    * Timestamp - Indicates whether there are new metadata or images
    * Snapshot - Indicates images released by the repository at a point in time, via signing metadata about targets metadata
    * Targets - Indicates metadata about images, such as hashes and file sizes

> * A secure way for ECUs to know the time. {{time_server}} describes the recommended way to securely attest time to ECUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A secure way for ECUs to know the time. {{time_server}} describes one way to securely attest time to ECUs.
```

An ECU version report is a metadata structure that MUST contain the following information:

> * A token (nonce) for the time server. The primary ECU will eventually send this token to the time server, which will sign the token and send it back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A token (nonce) for a time server, if any is used. The primary ECU will eventually send this token to the time server, which will sign the token as well as the current time, and send them back together.
```

Author: Is the time server meant to be optional? If so, we should revise [section 5.3](https://uptane.github.io/uptane-standard/uptane-standard.html#server-repository-implementation-requirements), because right now it's a SHALL.

Reviewer 2: I interpreted @trishankatdatadog's comment to mean the nonce was optional, not the time server.

Reviewer: Yes, the time server is meant to be optional. However, if it is used, the nonce is then not optional. We should make this clearer...

Maybe @mnm678 can help?
